[Music]
hello everyone and welcome to the
padreon my name is james i'm nick and a
new button got programmed that's our new
theme song for now uh very own theme
because we just uh released the nintendo
video
and that was a very mario kind of um it
was very mario yeah
um
so today's episode i guess um
content warning i suppose trigger
warning trigger warning
um
we're going to be talking about weight
and body image the weight of body image
the weight of being gay the weight of
being gay and also going to be talking
about
surgery going in a bit of detail into
surgery
um
so if you're squeamish
uh we'll let you know when to kind of
fast forward
and uh if you're not up for talking
about or hearing us talk about body
image issues
um probably wait until next week or go
listen to one of the last ones or go
watch the new
uh nintendo video that was just came out
yeah um
there's some really good goodies in that
video i i really like how the script
turned out
me too yeah getting a lot of comments on
the script actually a lot of people
saying it's the best videos like we
haven't had a major discourse on gender
for quite some time no
and
like i feel like this video was a great
way to sort of get that discourse going
like using nintendo was kind of the
spring point for that
although there have been a couple of
people commenting that they're sick of
me ignoring asexuality and i'm like
i
mean videos are written by an asexual
person leave me alone
well like okay let's just take a moment
before we get into that i'm not asexual
uh i'm asexual um somewhat um
it's weird the ace spectrum there is a
lot of a spectrum and i'm in a lot of
different places on it um
just like
we're talking about properties that
don't and like we can't mention several
times they don't nintendo doesn't do sex
yeah except for bayonetta so it's
arguably everyone in on in in the
nintendo roster is asexual
yeah because it's just not brought up
um so it's hard to really have a
discourse about asexuality without
bringing sex to the center of the
discourse
at which point media that depicts
asexual people does not depict them
sexually so it's hard to really kind of
start that discourse going unless they
have a soapbox that step up on and talk
about why asexuality is valid which that
media is few and far between yeah and
that's something that like we talk about
in the video is that it's nice that the
queerness is kind of there
on the periphery that it's not shoved in
your face and i'm actually seeing a bit
of a discourse among gay people
on social media regarding um heart
stopper which we've talked about before
yeah uh specifically about how
they hate that people are enjoying the
fact that it is a
non-sexualized gay story yeah which i've
been saying that is you know that's the
next step we need that we need but these
guys are saying that they hate it
because they feel like it's demonizing
gay sex
and it's i'm like
no
it's not demonizing gay sex it's just
saying you can be gay without sex being
the only thing on your mind yeah but
anyway
um those are different podcasts
uh this one we're talking about weight
and body image and if you follow me on
social media you know that the back
story
yeah but i'll kind of lay it out on the
line james lore uh james lore
james lore um
i have been overweight my entire life
like forever i saw my first dietitian
when i was six or seven i had just
started elementary school i was being
made fun of for being fat and so my mom
was immediately like okay let's get him
to a dietician and you know nip this in
the bud didn't work
um
i've never been able to lose substantial
amounts of weight
and so
recently i decided to get weight loss
surgery i was going to get the
uh the thing that everyone hears about
is the lap band or the gastric bypass i
was getting something different i was
going to get a gastric sleeve i'll
explain the difference in a moment
um that's
probably for like surgery-related stuff
because the gastric bypass freaks me out
like just yeah with what they do with
that
um
but uh
so i decided to go for that i was gonna
go through a private clinic
um in ontario so it would involve flying
to get the surgery um
and i had it scheduled i put down a down
payment on the surgery and everything
because i had done lots and lots of
research into the surgery mostly doctors
talking about it and so i felt like okay
doctors know what they're talking about
so you know getting a good idea of what
the surgery is what kind of
complications there are seemed like
there weren't a whole lot of
complications
possible
and then i started okay let me
look after after i had paid the deposit
i said okay let me look up some like
testimonials from people who had gotten
it and oh the horror stories i found
yeah um
of people
being in extreme pain because they have
to you know it's it's stomach surgery so
they have to fill your stomach cavity
with gas
um
to blow it up so that they can like move
around and move around because this one
specifically is not a non-invasive
surgery they just poke holes in your
stomach yeah
um
so they
blow you kind of blow you up so they
have room to move around but apparently
they don't really
take the gas out when they're done yeah
and so your body is filled with gas and
i had heard about this earlier and i
thought it was gas pain as in like
indigestion gas pain but no apparently
this is gas bubbles moving around your
body pushing against nerves and
everything and it can last for months
and months and months did not know this
i'm not good with pain
um
i took three tylenol before this podcast
just because i had a minorist of
headaches
um
and so i found that out different things
like uh permanent heartburn for the rest
of your life ongoing nausea ongoing
nausea nausea
[Laughter]
no it's pronounced nausea on the show i
thought it was pronounced naughty no
it's nausea okay well i think it's to
kind of play off of nausea
ongoing nausea
um and all sorts of things that i found
out and i was
i was fine with
the surgery the pain immediately after
surgery
because the surgery i'm not like a lap
band is when they they go in and
basically put a zip tie a fancy zip tie
around a part of your stomach to make it
harder for food to get through and so
you feel fuller faster a gastric bypass
is where they actually go in and
completely re-root your stomach and your
intestines and everything um what i was
going to get done was called a gastric
sleeve
and that's when they go in
and they remove three quarters of your
stomach and
if you if you know what a stomach looks
like it's kind of like a bag
and they make it into a banana shape
and roughly the size of a banana so that
you get full really fast
um
and
because of the part of the stomach they
remove they remove a part that secretes
a hormone called ghrelin and that's
actually the hunger hormone it makes you
hungry ghrelin sounds like an old
english monster it doesn't like you're
like
grendel's like angry brother yeah um
but
so if your stomach is empty it secretes
ghrelin and makes you feel hungry and
once this thing is covered it's with
food
you no longer feel hungry and so they
remove that part so you don't have the
hunger hormone going on
um do you think closeted gays in like
the 1100s england shipped beowulf and
grendel
i'm interested to see that fan art
anyway
um
so that that and then they you know they
take the remainder of the stomach out
and you have a tiny stomach for the rest
of your life which makes it so that
you lose a lot of weight very quickly um
but you know people within a year can
lose like 150 pounds because the stomach
is elastic like it will grow back to
it will never grow back to the size full
size but it will expand a little bit
you'll be able to kind of resume a
normal life but it is a bit of a
commitment at first and you will need to
be on like lifelong vitamins so like i
was fine yeah you were fine with that
you were even flying for like a week or
two of like the gas pain that they were
talking about which is apparently
similar to gallstones yeah that it's
basically
compare it to gallstones
women
compare it to labor yeah to labor um and
women who have got the procedure said
that it felt like labor for like but all
over your body for weeks and months yeah
um and you were fine with putting up
with that you were fine with the pills
for shorts about time oh yeah yeah like
two weeks like because i'm like okay
they're gonna be giving me painkillers
anyway so i'll be able to handle it um
so yeah i found out all of this stuff
that no doctor had talked about and that
sometimes the painkillers just don't
work
you mentioned that too well yeah because
it it's the pain is so extreme that the
painkillers don't work that uh there was
one woman giving a testimonial where
they
um
uh she was having so much gas pain
uh and again this isn't like gas pain
from indigestion this it had gone to her
shoulders gas bubbles in her body yeah
it had gone to the back of her shoulders
so she could not lay down so she
couldn't sleep um
and so what she actually had to do is go
to the emergency room because she was in
so much pain an event
after i think she said it was 13 hours
and not 13 hours waiting 13 hours seeing
doctors that they finally gave her a
nerve block
um which is where they inject a thing
into your spinal cord column that just
like you cannot feel pain
um and that's what she had to do
and it last my dad used to get those i
think he might still get them actually
they last for about three months
uh when it started wearing off the pain
was still there
so she is in
chronic pain forever for the rest of her
life but she's skinny but she is in
chronic pain for the rest of her
um
and so
i decided
okay i've put down a thousand dollars on
this surgery
um
like i will swallow that thousand
dollars
and
you know get the plane tickets and all
that refunded
and
i will
postpone the surgery
because
i have huge health anxiety
and the fact that there was there is no
matter what surgery it if it's if it's
tonsil if you're getting your tonsils
removed the doctor will not say that
there's a zero percent chance of you
dying on the operating table yeah and
that just made me panic because it's not
a doctor saying you need james you need
this surgery or you will die this is
saying doc this is me saying i want this
surgery for convenience sake yeah so
that i don't have to
so that i can't not diet yeah my stomach
will not allow me to not diet yeah um
and just like leading up to that there
were like you were kind of gung-ho for
it and then like
as soon as they gave me a uh
a surgery date i was i had the hotel
booked i had a car booked i had
everything booked ready to go um
and i hadn't even told my father yet i
had everything booked two days leading
up to
um yesterday so this was probably about
friday is when you started to get really
kind of tense about it and i was like
james what's wrong and you're like i'm
just saying it's just about the surgery
i'm like okay like i get it surgery like
you go under i've gone under four wisdom
teeth i've never gotten under i've never
had surgery it is a weird sort of
feeling like i'm going to be forcibly
unconscious yeah um and these people
will have metal things in my body yeah
like i've never had surgery so that's
that's a bit of a freakout thing like
your first time so i was like yeah james
is going to go with i just need to
reassure him
so like you know you kind of kept
spiraling and i was like
okay we need to figure out what's what
so i sat on the couch and i had a white
board where i had pros and cons and this
was after um
this was after a night where i stayed up
all night panicking right right
eventually in tears at about eight
o'clock in the morning because i
couldn't sleep because i just had this
image in my head of me doing this
voluntary procedure
of my own volition
dying on the operating table and my dad
getting the call
that six months after his wife had died
his son had died yeah
and like that that hit a bit raw but
like from the very beginning i've been
very supportive of the decision to get
the surgery like you've been more
supportive than
anyone else the only other person who
was like
on board was my mom yeah and i've had to
convince some of your friends um i had
to convince you know people i knew be
like you know this i get it
so everyone's like no no it's all about
learning to love yourself and inner
beauty and like yeah that the grinder
doesn't give a [ __ ] about that well
that's your destination about grade 11.
i'm not you know you think that is a
superficial thing but it's also like
you've never
not been as big as you are
i mean like you've been bigger
uh i've been bigger and when i was much
younger i was smaller yeah but like i've
never
experienced
here is something i have never
experienced for context for everyone
listening
never in my life
have i gone into a store
found
uh something i liked a jacket a shirt a
pair of pants
and could just buy it yeah
never have i experienced my size just
existing yeah which the thing is i'm not
that big yeah like i know people much
bigger than me much bigger than me
um there are so many people like
in the youtube comments and stuff who
like
when we're doing live streams and stuff
they're like you're getting you want to
get weight loss surgery why
and
because i'm not that big
i am just slightly bigger than xl and
because of that it's impossible for me
to buy clothing that's not impossible
but very difficult just just because
you're slightly bigger than a xl means
that you're too small for like big and
tall stores
yeah so that's a really significant
problem unless you just want to get all
of your clothes custom made which is
can't afford that yeah uh we're doing
well we're not doing that well
yeah i ain't getting i i don't have
custom clothes money yeah
i i have i can pay my rent and pay my
car
and eat
and pay an employee
yeah yeah
uh i mean like me personally oh okay
okay
so like
i and like i we've i've lifted you for
like what seven years at this point
um since 2015. seven years
yeah yeah seven and a half years okay
um
so like i've kind of been there and at
first i was like no no it's all about
confidence and like you got to laugh
yourself and like i have i've seen you
pull the stops and
i've seen how rough it can get for you
yeah um just in terms of that because
i've been there so i'm like i get it i
get why you want to be free of that kind
of style of living i mean like we all
kind of have those albatrosses and it's
like if you have
a surgery that can get rid of that
albatross or magic wand or a button that
can get rid of that albatross and i say
do it because life is too short to waste
on like you know just waiting and that's
really how
weight loss surgery is kind of
marketed
as a kind of magic button yeah it's like
they they say like this is not a magic
button you do have to eat properly after
the surgery you can't go you know
eat nothing but kfc because even though
your stomach is really small you can't
just gorge on high calorie food
and like i was perfectly fine with that
i was ready and am ready to completely
change my relationship with food
uh that's an interesting book title
honestly oh i'm sure it exists like
change your relationship with food not a
title but like a subtitle like a tagline
but um like i am completely and was and
am completely ready to do that um
and it was like i needed
i felt like i needed the surgery
so that there was no going back
specifically i wanted that surgery
because there's no reversing that you
can reverse the sleeve or you can
reverse the gastric bypass you can
reverse the
um band the lap band you cannot reverse
the sleeve because they are removing
three quarters of your stomach not just
that throwing it away i i've seen you
do the diet i've seen you try to diet
i've seen
uh i've seen you do super exercise time
and i've seen you do like follow all the
diet apps where it's like eat this many
calories and do this much exercise
and like it just wasn't having much
effect yeah
and my thing is that
when i'm eating even relatively healthy
i do not gain weight i maintain weight
yeah um
my even and that's even having fast food
once in a while
um
and
for a time i was using an injection um
that
it's it's a weight loss injection
but what it really does it makes you
feel
sick
uh it constantly gives you nosh it makes
you feel nauseous all day
um
and so you don't want to eat and so when
i was doing that
and i didn't want to eat i lost almost
30 pounds yeah
in the span of about three weeks
so that kind of tells me that my body's
ready to drop the weight
i just need to
kind of kick it in with the injections
like did was it a plateau or was that
when you stopped taking them as
frequently i stopped taking them because
they were really
affecting my breathing okay because that
is one of the side effects is that
um and you're already asthmatic so yeah
that you can have an allergic reaction
to them where it affects your breathing
and you stuck through it anyway
well i did i went on it for weeks and
dealt with the not being able to breathe
because i wanted to lose weight and then
i went off of them and instead of going
off of them and returning to a normal
way of eating i went off of them and did
mcdonald's every day yeah um
because i'm not being judgey because i
did i ate that same mcdonald's as you
did
um
and you know it was take out every day
and that's what happened
um
and so
i know i can lose weight
but what i basically need to do to kind
of kick my metabolism into gear
is
starve it well yeah because we were
talking about it like kind of like i was
talking about we were on the couch and
kind of like that's when you really
started laying out like what all the
research you had done to it to it is and
i was kind of sitting there like oh i
thought this was just james anxiety but
like this is actually like it's serious
and that and there's a reason why
surgery yeah the the gastric surgeries
and so like i realize there's a reason
why you need to be heavy enough why
there is a you know
bottom cap
well yeah because like i was going
through a private clinic
um and i just met the weight the bmi
requirement
um
because
the bmi if you're under 35
bmi of 35 they will not look at you
unless you have comorbidities yeah i
don't have comorbidities but they're in
my family um heart disease diabetes
there is a history of that
and so that's why they accepted me for
surgery
um you have to be over a bmi of 40.
i think it's 40 for the government to
pay for
your
your weight loss surgery and then it's
you know you're put on a wait list for a
decade depending upon what province
you're in
um
and so the only reason that i met their
minimum cap was because
i have
a family history of heart disease and
diabetes if that wasn't there i wouldn't
have been
qualified for it and so like uh when i
was uh sort of getting out is that you
know like we were kind of sitting down
and i was i i who had been supportive of
you know the surgery the entire time i
don't want to kind of influence you one
way or the other but like you were kind
of laying out the side effects to me and
i was like this is really really really
bad and the more we got talking about it
you kind of brought up the kind of
pre-surgery diet that you have to go on
yeah which is a liquid diet that you
have to be on for two weeks and you said
that some of the testimonials said that
oh excuse me that um a lot of people
lost a mat like half the weight they
were supposed to lose just from the
liquid diet well yeah one person in
particular
um
they went on the liquid diet they gave
the the clinic a really bad review
because they lost i think it was 50
pounds
just off of the liquid diet two weeks
three weeks for that they were on it for
three weeks
they lost 50 pounds in three weeks and
then when they got the surgery they
didn't lose any weight yeah because
they had just lost 50 pounds
um
and you know liquid diets have been a
thing for decades and decades and
decades they're not sustainable yeah um
your body cannot handle
being on a liquid diet for a long period
of time
um
so like the bottom line is like we kind
of went over that and we're like why
don't we just try that and i say we but
like you know like
i i say we because i'm going to help
it's among many things that i'm going to
try because basically my my mission now
is to get down to
is to show a marked weight loss by the
end of the year
not 10 or 15 pounds
not 30 pounds
because i lost 30 pounds on the
injections i want to see the weight loss
in the mirror yeah um
and
if i can see that by the end of the year
then i will continue
you know just eating healthy exercise
etc um
and you know get to where i want to be
if not i will return
for the
surgery yeah next year
um
and
my hope is that i won't be going back
for surgery
that a more natural mess yeah like i i'm
i'm gonna be a bit strict with this like
i really want you to kind of commit to
this because like dieting is hard for
people who like food um
that's the thing i don't
like oh my god so like james is gonna
have to go in for the surgery he's kind
of telling me all of the food he can't
eat and like one of them is carbs and
like i just got back into bread making i
make cookies all the time i love making
food i love feeding people
i started crying
yeah like i don't care about food like i
like food but it's like
for instance years ago when i was god i
was only about 18 or 19.
my doctor told me your sodium is really
high yeah you need to cut salt out of
your diet
i just cut every food with like any
amount of sodium out of my diet
like gone
and my sodium went to normal because i
was like
okay i'll get rid of it and you know so
that was
any prepackaged foods at all
um
any like canned soups or anything like
that like i cut just hot dogs you know
just everything gone
um
and i did it on a whim because my doctor
was like you should do this your sodium
is really high and i was like okay gone
so like i can cut any kind of food
out of my diet
like
i just need a reason to
and then see results from it yeah
because a month after i cut everything
out of my diet my doctor said oh your
sodium's back to normal
so it was like within 30 days i had seen
a result
so
that has always been my problem is i am
very
impatient
um i've never been able to just you know
eat right and you know lose a pound or
two a week
like well yeah that's like a healthy way
of doing it and i'm like
nope nope that's not enough i need to
see like marked weight loss and i think
that's been the problem with dieting
with you and i before is that when we're
doing that it's kind of like okay we'll
do it the healthy way we'll eat the
proper amount of calories we like you
i'll eat the proper amount of calories
um i'll do the right amount of
exercising i'll track everything that i
eat on this app on whatever app that i
have and it goes too slow and you get
discouraged and you're like what's the
point
uh well it goes too slow or doesn't go
at all yeah and
then i just because i am very impatient
i then
just get frustrated and stop
yeah um and that's why i was like okay
the the gastric sleeve is the way to go
because that doesn't give me the oppor
that doesn't give me the option to just
stop there's no there's
most of the stomach isn't there anymore
yeah like i can't reverse that
um and i was fine with that
like having that sort of free will taken
away yeah uh i was fine with the
side effects i was less fine with
especially like heartburn and stuff like
that because i just i can't handle
heartburn
no i can't well yeah it was like it was
it wasn't until you sort of mentioned
the heartburn that you kind of started
to get the shadow over your face it was
like oh that he this really matters to
him and like i have chronic because for
me that's that's a quality of life thing
like if i wake up every day with
heartburn life is not worth living
like um i have chronic heartburn
problems i have bad acid reflux i think
it's linked to stress i find when i was
back in school when i had consistent
jobs my heartburn was chronic i needed
to be taken taking xantec like every day
sometimes twice a day yeah in order to
function and they're 24-hour pills
yeah
um i ate toms like candy yeah um still
kind of do sometimes probably more out
of habit though well yeah you have tums
in like every room in the apartment you
have toms in the car there are two of
them in the car there is a backlog in my
um cabinet um
you buy them in bulk literally at costco
yeah uh so yeah like i i'm no stranger
to that but like
you know different bows were different
floats so like
yes i can't handle heartburn like pain
i have gotten used to like back pain
foot pain like you should see me at the
end of every video
like after i'm done filming it oh yeah
nick can attest to this after standing
there in front of the camera for two
hours filming there's just this wheeze
like like when i'm like okay i'm done my
body just kind of collapses because my
feet and knees are in so much pain
and that is because my feet and knees
are holding up
a lot of weight
like i weigh 250 pounds
um
a lot of people don't
like they see me in the videos and
they're
i don't think they think i weigh that
much yeah um
it's because all of it is in my
midsection
like even like
my upper arms my thighs they're like
not that big
my midsection is where it is all at yeah
that is where it's really bad for heart
disease and stuff yeah
um
and you know like that's a and i i don't
want to feel like it's sort of like oh
no it's just for body and stuff like
that matters like well it does because
my my family is the history of heart
disease my grandfather had a quadruple
bypass um
that's a very complicated heart surgery
if you don't know what it is basically
it's really complicated and oh some
people don't a lot of people don't make
it out of their lives yeah it means that
they basically the surgeons have to
basically go insert their instruments
through the heart they don't open the
heart they have to go through the valves
in the heart and the bypasses mean that
they have to bypass four valves yeah he
also has had did have open heart surgery
um so did my grandmother uh and my
grandmother was severely diabetic she
lost her sight and everything
my father has diabetes my mother oddly
had no heart problems no
diabetes problems or anything like that
but then cancer yeah um
and
every adult in my family has had a heart
attack at some literally all my aunts
and uncles have had a heart attack wow
my father hasn't father has okay and
he's like the oldest one
and so it's so confusing uh health
human bodies they're they're so
confusing but
um
so like my my family is the history of
heart disease and and diabetes and so
like that that is my main reason for
wanting to lose weight is so that you
know i don't die when i'm 40. because i
have a cousin who was mowing his lawn
one summer great shape
34 years old heart attack and died
34 years old jeez like not overweight
healthy didn't smoke so many cousins oh
you say like i have this cousin like
okay i know where this is going and no i
don't
but like he died at 34 of a heart attack
and like i'm 33. yeah and so i'm like i
don't want to give the world any more
reason than i than it needs to try and
kill you yeah yeah and but at the same
time like i just want to say like you
know like being not comfortable in your
own body takes a severe toll on you know
your ability to function on like
executive levels
um
you know just in terms of interacting
with people presenting yourself with
confidence um work finding work getting
work
um
like there's a lot of times that you say
that you were in interviews and you kind
of felt like you know your body size was
something that was preventing employers
from kind of engaging with you
especially especially from the way like
work culture kind of demands you know
nice clothes and we're back to the
clothing argument about like can we you
find clothes that fit you it's like you
have to pay like five times more bare
minimum to get the kind of clothes that
you need and it doesn't matter how much
you spend on those clothes the love
handles are still hanging over the pants
yeah and so
like it doesn't matter how much you
spend on them yeah like that's
trump
your clothes cannot fix that
and
you know so that's that's a big
confidence just
destroying things oh yeah um and like we
can talk about how we're in a culture
that like you know like oh we don't
discriminate against weight we do and
like i can look in the mirror from you
know
chest up and be like
okay i can work with this
like i constantly talk about like the
fat on my neck and that's that's why i
wear turtlenecks in like every video
um but i'm like okay i can work with
this but as soon as the picture widens
and it goes down to my midsection i'm
like no i can't work with this yeah um
and like there's too much there for like
liposuction or anything like that
and so i'm like okay i will do this diet
because like
there's i i have never felt comfortable
in my body ever like it's it's
borderline body dysphoria
like i do not belong in this body
like that's the way my brain
kind of works like my brain is
you're you're annoyed at me talking over
no i'm not i'm not already talking i
just um i just had something lined up
and i'm trying to remember it commit it
to memory
okay we'll say it um i can't remember
i got distracted
uh no i was gonna say like um like you
know the kind of personality you are
especially like when you do have an
energy up like you don't really seem to
kind of fit the personality that is
limited by the kind of body you have
like you do kind of you do like to be
active you do like to go out and do
things uh sometimes you just don't have
the energy to because that's another
thing about having a lot of weight on
you is that it kind of really saps the
energy out
it's never that i don't have the energy
to go do something
it's always
what will people
see
yeah
it's not an energy thing okay
um
when i'm bored i get tired
but i think that's more out of boredom
my energy is fine like
if someone were to call me at any time
of the day and say like oh hey let's go
to x
or something um
the first thing that goes through my
mind isn't uh do i have the energy to do
that it's
what how will people look at me
and that's my biggest problem is i have
like i said huge body dysphoria this is
not the body i am supposed to be in and
it never has been and i have never not
been in this body
um i wasn't skinny and became fat i was
always fat
like even like pictures of me as like a
four-year-old i was fat
um
and
i'm sick of it yeah and like a lot of a
lot like i think it
is compounded
by
the way that
the gay community specifically the gay
male community reacts to
overweight people
like the whole no fats no femmes thing
yeah like
just that that is such an integral part
of the gay male community
where it's like well the community like
as a sort of culture is built on you
know having and desiring sex appeal
um in a very superficial way and like
i've seen old queens talk about like you
know the gay community before grinder
uh as kind of like a carbon date like
you know like be bg before grinder um
and how like the queer community was
like more accepting um maybe accepting
is a bad word but you know like more
open to the idea of sleeping with
personalities rather than body types
it's not about sleeping with that's the
thing like everyone assumes it's about
sex it's not
like trying to me being a gay person and
trying to meet gay people
in today's day and age the only way to
meet them is
by luck
or on dating apps
and and even if you just want to be
friends with someone if you read their
profile and you're like oh we're into
the same stuff
and you say hi
nine times out of ten if you are
overweight
you are immediately blocked or ignored
well that's what i'm trying to say like
even though like um you know there is
more to the queer community than gay
male community than sex
um that's kind of the presumption when
it comes to these hookup apps and these
social apps they're like the idea of
i i feel like there's this kind of
stigma about being seen with an
undesirable gay to an extent um
like or even b is being associated
um there is a huge fat phobia i've seen
um
like just kind of from the very
superficial way that a lot of these
people kind of approach their relations
um and that's part of the reason why i
once again decided to stop engaging with
these kind of spaces because it is
shockingly shallow as every time and
every time i log on it's much more
shallow than i remember it being and
then i realized maybe i'm just less
shallow than i used to be
um
so like yeah i'm trying to kind of
cooperate you know
these feelings
i'm i'm
okay
you you look like you think i'm judging
you or something
um
but like to get back to your point it
does
like from older people older gays that
i've talked to
it does seem like before grind when it
was bars
you were less likely you couldn't just
you know click block when you saw one of
the yeah when a bigger person because
there were social standards and when
it's in public people watch you
interaction with other people well not
just that but
you would like if someone wanted to buy
you a drink or something like that you
might at least say hi to them
and then you might talk to them and even
though it wouldn't become a sexual
relationship or a romantic one it might
become friends because you might have
things in common
but
that
dynamic there there's a section of that
sort of
progress bar that was removed with
online dating yeah where you could just
look at someone's profile picture
and
then
get the axe yeah and like on certain
dating apps and stuff like people have
messaged me when i have just my my face
up there and lots of people message me
and then they ask for a body picture and
i send them one like fully clothed
because i will never be seen shirtless
um
not until after the the
the
oh even then there'll be leftover skin
and everything i'm fine with that but um
i send them you know a picture of me
from the waist up
boom blocked gone and that's what i mean
like and that's after like a half hour
to an hour of having a decent
conversation with them about stuff
and that's kind of what i was saying
like you know like these social apps
kind of
create an environment where you can
sculpt your friend your dream friend
group you know like it's almost
like a dating sim like you get to pick
and choose what your fr your friend
group looks like and you get to craft
that you know sex and the city style
television show that you always that all
gay men want to live in yeah um you know
like none of the four girls had weight
problems so
um you know you get to live that reality
and i find a lot of gay people do kind
of approach that
um very caricature-esque you know take
on developing these kind of friendship
especially developed by you know social
media not just you know dating apps but
also kind of wanting to have that our
typical ideal
gay friend group going to brunch and
doing fun gay events at pride or
whatever yeah so on and so so forth
um
you know when you look at media none of
that really involves you know validating
fat people as part of these friend
groups yeah so like
it's it's not part of the fantasy
um and whereas you can't really do that
in real life you can't just kind of hold
up a hand to someone in a bar and say
like no sorry no thanks i mean some do
some do but you know
they have very specific friend groups
and people don't like talking to rude
people so you know they're limited you
can't do that as readily in open social
spaces yeah the way that you can in on
dating apps where you know it's like
you talk to someone it's like you you
used to talk to me about people and
you're like oh that guy blocked me and
i'm like oh well i don't want to talk to
him anymore yeah so it's that kind of
attitude where that's done much more
anonymously because it's not as it's not
a visible network and this is something
that um in an upcoming video
um that's going to be talking about fire
island that we're going to be kind of
discussing is you know the the fall of
gay spaces for online ones and how that
has kind of really
kind of hit the community pretty hard it
changed the community and like sort of
changed our social outlook completely
changed the community um
but
like so being a gay man that
environment and that reality does have a
huge effect on me
um it does make me
feel
worthless no matter what i'm doing
elsewhere
yeah for a giant section of the
population
i have no worth yeah because i'm not
even worth being friends with because
you know i don't fit literally don't fit
in the mold
um
and you know i can have
as of today 200 000 youtube subscribers
i can have videos with hundreds of
thousands and millions of views i can
have you know
people believing in me enough to you
know fund a production company yeah like
all of that but there is always this
thing hanging over me
that is like
and i never really talk about this but
it's like
you know i've made a career out of
talking about gay stuff
and making videos about gay culture and
the gay community and it's like well
you're really not a part of it because
you're fat
you aren't allowed in that community
you're kind of it's it's less about
talking about the community i'm in and
more about like jane goodall observing
the apes
like that's what it's like you're
anthropologists yeah okay i like that
um and that doesn't say that there
aren't bigger gate
bigger gay guys in the community but no
absolutely like there's a bear community
as i think
even like you know interact like bigger
gay guys interacting with you know like
non-fringe communities so like the
prime queer prime queer queer core the
cor the queer core
queer core queer court uh c-o-r-p um
you just watched attack on titans
which i have become obsessed he has
become obsessed with i am building
a wall of city almost did not get the
nintendo video out on time because he
was too busy bringing attack on time
yeah
so like you know like the video's out
i'm watching it again but these are
people
who
have come into the queer spaces they
know how to navigate them and they have
found ways to feel rewarded and feel
valuable yeah whereas like both of us
are queer outsiders we come from small
communities
we spent a lot of time in small
communities like i never met another gay
person in person
until
university yeah
um and like honestly i'm kind of in the
same boat like for the majority of my
life i've only met other gay people
through gay social media that's a lie i
did have a boyfriend in high school but
yeah but like um
not a good one
that's a long story
uh isn't he a priest now
no no that was after high school
okay he's a
he works with politicians or something
or he's a historian that explains a lot
yeah um
so like
we are both kind of outsiders and we're
both trying to change that the
difference is you don't you haven't
really gotten ways to
you know kind of have that confidence in
spite of negative feedback from gay
people like you know we don't have those
ways of navigating we don't have those
ways of kind of circumventing uh stigmas
and it's kind of weird because we we
both have we're both trying to kind of
move past the insecurity but we both
have the opposite in security
whereas
you could enter a gay space and you know
you've got the you're cute you've got
this baby face you would immediately be
welcomed in
but you
feel emotionally i'm a weirdo yeah like
emotionally you feel like oh god what
can i if i say the wrong thing they're
going to hate me honestly like we can do
it we can do a next podcast thing where
we talk about my experiences because i
have been in queer spaces and i have
been horrendously stigmatized because i
didn't know that i'm in minutia of
social navigation yeah um and so like i
just i didn't understand what shade was
yeah i still love i can't pick it up i
don't do sarcasm i don't do hints you
should have a shade button
[Laughter]
um
so like
these these queens kind of ran danced in
circles around me like insulting me
without insulting me
um
and that was that was god that was back
in ottawa pride before i met you um so
like i had very negative
feeling a very negative um remembrance
of that and honestly my more recent
reprisal with pride communities wasn't
that much different either let's be
honest yeah but what i was getting to is
like you physically
fit in
but you
[Music]
um
struggle emotionally
don't you you struggle there
whereas
i am immediately blocked because of my
size
but
when i do get into groups
i have a natural networking mind i do
and i don't give a [ __ ] what people
think about me yeah because other than
the fat thing like oh you don't like my
personality go [ __ ] yourself cause like
you know you
actually do make a whole lot of success
like just kind of approaching porn stars
or at least you have in the past like
porn stars directors uh you used to talk
to chichi leroux
um like that's what i mean like you can
just kind of drop a hat start talking
about people yeah yeah that's true
um but it's like
despite that but there's a gatekeeper
yeah so you can't flash your balls
there's there's a gatekeeper that's
literally like
we've made the gate too small for you
so bad like um turn around go home you
fat troll
um
[Music]
and yes it literally is that rude
sometimes yes
like skinny people don't buy it you have
shown me the receipts and documentation
of these people saying these things to
you some of the things that i have been
called on like things like grinder and
even scruff which was supposed to be
like the grinder for bigger people yeah
um
just
horrendous that a queer person would say
that about another question i i know you
skinny to moderate size person are
thinking like oh it can't be that bad i
was in that boat many years ago
until like i said i saw that i saw the
um the messages um and these are people
and a lot of some of these people were
people who i actually talked were very
polite and kind and patient with me
uh and then you showed me i was like i'm
not [ __ ] talking to them anymore
i i have a bit of a mama bear syndrome
when it comes to my friends um there's
still an unnamed author that i
i can't yeah yeah i i'm not we're not
going to talk about him
um that you got in a scuffle with
and he said some he did and said some
things that i really did not cotton to
and i i don't i don't forgive or forget
like guys he still has me blocked on
twitter yeah
um so that i i unfollowed i
can't remember if i had the book
pre-ordered out of you know solidarity
or not but no i did you did okay
um i'm the pre-order of books here you
are the pre-order of books i've bought a
few books over the years i mostly just
mooched from yours
um
[Music]
but yeah so like it's
you really would not believe the kind of
vitriol that gets launched at people
for being fat and it's like i've said
like it's kind of almost like a how dare
you kind of thing like how dare like wha
like they say it's like it's they take
it personally like okay you think that
that's my league like yeah
and like it's
i've said it on streams before
but
i can count the amount of times that
i've been called a [ __ ]
like on one hand
like especially to my face yeah um
it just wasn't a thing
and has never been a thing i've never
been made fun of for being gay i've
other than that one time i've never been
like attacked or anything like that for
being gay bullied
um i got it bad
i ironically before anyone had a
conceptual melody of sex i was being
hoardedly bullied for being gay so
anyway continue but
i
was bullied for being fat
the minute i got to school
like preschool okay can i actually um
i'm sorry if this is triggering james um
i don't get triggered
uh i was friends with a girl back in
elementary school this is i i was
bullied for being gay like my elementary
school before this is i was bullied for
being gay at the age where people are
still afraid of cooties yeah so i don't
know what was up but it was bad enough
to put me into a my first really dark
space and i think a lot of my depression
issues kind of stem
from that very early developmental term
whatever whatever anyway so it was a
popular school ground thing to just call
nick gay um any number of horrible
things
and this girl did
and that must have caught me on a bad
day because i'm like i'm not going to
take this i called her fat yeah because
she was
maybe still is um
i don't know i don't know everything
about her i don't know her she's a cool
girl we got along it's just that this
one time i was i was out for blood
uh and we kind of escalated over the
course of our recess for about 10
minutes until a teacher came over i got
scolded
i got scolded for calling her fat not
for but you know i i kind of pointed out
she was calling me gay
this was she did it first this is
retaliation
and i think it was madame pepper
um
she was a french teacher
yeah in
bilingual schools you know french
teachers were madame and
um english teachers were misses yeah
um and i got school did i got in trouble
um i don't necessarily know how this
factor is in there but like
it it seems like it's
more common and expected to receive like
people have like teachers well for a
very long time i mean it's it's
it's
been
uncool to make someone to make fun of
someone for being fat yeah but it's been
more accepted to make fun of someone for
being gay or being feminine or being
queer in some way
um
and
like i think
and you know in the comments by all
means point out if i'm wrong here i
think i kind of was at the tail end of
that
um
i was at the tail end of where
making
fun of
where it was you weren't going to be
punished for calling someone fat now i
think you know people get made fun of
kids make it get made fun of for being
fat of course but i think there's a
punishment involved now well like i say
because i am younger than you so like
yeah this was happening um i don't know
but like you know
it seemed like there was a social
understanding of fatness and that
teachers were prepared to kind of
countermend that yeah um just in terms
of how socially prevalent it was whereas
you know like what's one or two kids
being called a f-word on a school ground
the other f word uh [ __ ] yeah
um
uh like you know like they don't know
how to deal with that yeah um and
similarly when i got bullied and other
instances were being gay sometimes very
severely it was one of those instances
okay we're going to bring everyone into
the room and talk about why it's bad but
we're not going to single anyone out
yeah whereas like other sort of offenses
had more specific punishments yeah
directed at specific people
um
but
that's a bit of a derail because we were
talking about like that just the
unbelievable kind of negativity that
gets hurled your way not just negativity
but the vile things that get sent not
just my way like by all means this isn't
an exclusively me thing oh sorry i
forget that i'm talking to a crowd i was
talking to you specifically but like
fat people overweight people
in general
like and there are many terms
you know fat people big people
overweight people um
a lot of people
who fall into the category prefer one or
the other i'm
you know open season you know use
whatever word you use
you want it to not be true so you
don't really care it's like you say it's
like you know you don't feel like it's
your body so it's not your body being
insulted it's someone else's body that
you're living in
kind of it's like
but at the same time
i take it very if someone makes fun of
me for it
i take it very personally yeah um
and whereas if someone made fun of me
for being gay from the very beginning i
was like yeah
and yeah because there's no change in
that didn't want to change it i like
dick
sorry i'm not sorry
but you call me fat that's something
i've been actively trying to change my
entire life and so that's calling out
something that i'm failing at changing
um
and just forever like since grade
since preschool i was made fun of for
being fat like me and my friends
um
had a core group of friends in preschool
so this was when i was four or five
um and we would play power rangers
and you know i was billy and my friend
brandon was jason and
et cetera et cetera
and
there were people who told me you can't
be a power ranger you're fat
when i was like four or five yeah like
other people in the classroom other kids
in the classroom yeah not teachers
teachers um didn't a teacher with a
player something kind of
that's yes okay yeah i love the story um
in grade primary which is
canadian kindergarten okay um
or at least kindergarten where i was
yeah um i went to kindergarten in
ontario grade zero let's say yeah um
we always had a christmas pageant
and a christmas concert
and so at the christmas concert for the
great primary kids were doing
him baby jesus in a manger blah blah and
because you know there could only be one
mary and one joseph and three wise men
etc
most of us ended up being farm animals
as happens with uh nativity plays yeah
um
so i was already very insecure about my
weight
um
and so the teacher made me the cow
and that did not go over well with me
um
to the point where i like was screaming
you launched an inquisition
like i i like
i spent a good week trying to tell him
don't make me the cow don't make me the
cow and then he shows up and gives me
the cow costume
and i was like
no and i just dropped it on the floor
walked out down to the principal's
office and his name was mr mcneil long
story about that um
and i went to the principal and i said
mr mcneil's calling me fat
and she was just like what the [ __ ] and
so like she brought him into the
principal's office and everything and
he's like i am not calling him fat
i'm just catching him as the cow
and she was like
jimmy because they called me jimmy
why
why are you so offended by that i was
like because everyone calls me fat and
he's saying i'm a cow
and i'm like the odd like white people
optics like
cow has been a derogatory and this is
what i don't know why is why does it
have to do with white people
white optics is a white people's
favorite word
but like you know like this is what i
mean like um
like cow has been used as a derogatory
term for fat people yeah for a very long
time and i don't understand why
elementary school teachers play dumb
like kids just don't know these things
because it's like you're you're casting
a fat person as a cow
what do you think is going on here like
cast you as a sheep like yeah or like
why is it in great primary i was
probably not that big like looking back
at pictures i was not that big i was
chubby and especially but let me finish
sorry sorry um
i was chubby so like he probably was
like
you know
did not look at me as the fat kid
because there were kids that were bigger
than me
there have always been people bigger
than me in every situation
um but
i was just not having it and i was
taking it very personally and he was not
copying to it and he was not giving in
he was not saying okay you can be a
horse or you can be blah whatever and so
the principle
having a a brain was like i need to
defuse this before his mother gets
involved because she knows my mother
knowing your mother
my mother would later get involved a
couple years down the line with a
different mcneil um
the mcneil clan but so she went out to i
don't know a costume store wherever she
came back with some goat horns and said
you're a goat now
and i was like cool same costume that's
literally all they had to do and see
this is what i mean um
without talking about specifics i have a
family member who works in a school
board
um i know for a fact that this is the
kind of stuff that teachers will
collaborate in the lounge with and joke
about like he said he doesn't want to
get cast as a cow i'm gonna cast him as
a cow just to show him
that happens i'm not kidding that um you
you know you might think back to high
school you know where the teachers
lounge is
literally mean girls that scene from
mean girls where she goes around and
they talk about what the tables are that
is literally your your teachers there is
a teacher there is a table for the cool
teachers there is a teacher at a table
for the artsy teachers the science
teachers like we have their own office
and they eat for lunch up there together
like i'm not kidding
your your teachers your school it's that
clicky on the management level like i
remember that clicky in high school
there in my high school there were
different teachers lounges for the
departments so for like the science math
department um the english department etc
uh my history teacher she was the only
history teacher in the school she taught
all the history classes she ate at her
desk
because she was not welcome with the
other teachers
she
don't know she was the sweetest woman
the sweetest that's why i've ever that's
why
when i went to her in grade 11 and i
said i want to make movies can you help
me
uh
cast uh can you
can can you help me get an announcement
through the school she was the one who
signed off on the piece of paper yeah so
that over the school announcements over
the the pa it would be announced that
there's a student movie being made
teachers who give a damn about students
and she also fought to make sure that i
graduated and specifically teachers who
give a demo students are involved in
drama programs usually are not welcome
with other teachers yeah um
and there's this attitude i don't quite
know what it is i would have to probe my
family member um about um
about what i remember about why that is
i know when you're talking i don't want
to get her in trouble um because once
again
the school board itself
is even clickier yeah like if they i'm
not gonna say i just i figured it out
yeah um
so like it could be a matter of like
because you you get those i'll use my
high school example uh you have a
history teacher an english teacher
another history teacher and they are
basically like
the mean they're the plastics pretty
much yeah um oh i want to call them out
so badly because they wear the plastics
they're the heathers
um
sorry um
[Music]
so like you know you have them and they
kind of dictate the who's who of the
school board of the school
and so like you get your other teachers
like my beloved miss mclaren
um
who was basically the dullest teacher in
the world i can see her not fitting in
with them and kind of just really
rubbing the wrong way because like
they're really kind of this superficial
very kind of you know status obsessed
and she is this you know woman who's
been in the school for like ages and
ages and ages teach math at you know
like a lower level he's really good at
teaching lower level math
um and you know she's just a sweetheart
she's involved in drama and she's she's
a keep it real teacher yeah um
they might not just get along and
because like the plastics kind of
control
uh the school in general like
you know she kind of wouldn't have a
whole lot of places to be there
anyway um just got some flashbacks
but yeah so
you can't sit with us
that was literally me and junior high
like i had
i had some friends in junior high they
were all girls but they were all they
all became a part of a some kind of
group team thing
um
i i forget it was a girls it wasn't like
sports but it was something else but it
was only girls and so like at lunch they
would go do this team thing
and so i had no one to hang out with and
so during junior high i would spend my
lunch not eating
and
standing in a corner reading a book
standing in a corner yeah um
so i became known as the guy who reads
that is so lonely and sad i want to hug
you but that would mean wires and so i
became the known as the guy who reads
but then when people would approach me
i would win them over
almost immediately yeah because i was a
snarky [ __ ] yeah and someone in the
group would say something
i would call them out for it i would be
a [ __ ] everyone else would laugh and be
like oh i like him oh so you were liz
lebanon with a good attitude kind of
yeah and so then the rest of them would
all end up being you know not friends
some of them would end up being my
friends for friendly yeah friendly to me
um
like i had some allies
who were like really popular people
always throughout school but for the
most part i didn't have all that many
friends um
and it was always because i was the fat
kid
i would get called fat by people much
bigger than me
and
i can only think it's because they were
trying to fit in with the skinnies
and so they were like yeah i'll join on
board and make fun of him because then
that takes the attention
social superiority it's like i am it's
not about you know i'm calling you
fat because you're fat or because you're
fatter than me i'm calling you fat
because
it's a way that i can demonstrate that
i'm above you yeah
and so all of this to say you know we're
over an hour into the podcast now all of
this to say
that this lifetime of experience of
being overweight and fat
has worn you down
yeah to the point where i was like
i am going to
get a surgery
i am going to empty my bank account
and get this surgery
because
i need it
and only at not the last minute because
the surgery is like three weeks away but
you know in surgical terms that's
probably at the last minute yeah um
kind of deciding
that
i'm too freaked out at the possibility
of the side effects yeah so we're going
to give it one more stab with the
traditional method
not traditional i'm not doing the
traditional because i can't do the
traditional you know
you know eat a nice eat a good breakfast
and a good lunch
or lose one or two pounds a week no i
need to lose weight fast by traditional
i mean um what's what was the quote um
eat nothing all day and then when you're
about to pass out eat a cube of cheese
or a piece of cucumber was it was it
either i thought it was just a cube of
cheese i think it's cucumber because
that has more vitamins i just clearly
remember her saying cube of cheese so
who
oh i was talking about that devil wears
prada um oh
um
maybe
oh maybe it was cube of cheese but um
yeah so my plan and this is not healthy
so but you're also not gonna be doing it
for a very long time either yeah my plan
is basically a
next to liquid diet
very high protein liquid shakes that
i bought because of the surgery paid 300
for these but apparently this one woman
lost 50 pounds off of drinking these for
three weeks so hey we're gonna try i'm
not trying to lose 50 pounds yeah if
like like i said i need to see a marked
change in a month
um
well not in a month but like because i'm
giving myself until december now yeah to
see the marked change um
and
the thing with me is that i don't have
a kind of love relationship with food i
eat when i'm
bored and because of the schedule that
i've built out for myself with videos
and movies
i don't really have a chance to be bored
you do not have the time to be poor like
nick messaged me it's like are you up
for recording a podcast tonight as i was
writing the next video
so
yeah i i don't have a chance to be bored
anymore well that's good because being
bored is something that i should
probably spend another a week or two
doing well yes
uh
nick is going to be taking
is six weeks off
um
minimum a month but longer if i can
yeah
you can off until i'm needed so yeah uh
all of june at the very least yeah so my
very baby's very first vacation never
taken a i've taken sick days i've never
taken vacation hours from a job ever
yeah and when working for
james summerton youtube productions
you get incorporated incorporated not
incorporated licensed incorporated uh
llc
um limited liability corporation um you
get two months paid vacation
so two months pay vacation yeah
i mean i was going to look at i was
there's only two of us and i never take
my vacation so
i mean like there was that kind of time
like last year your vacation you did
take like three weeks vacation at a time
no i tried every month
oh yeah but at that same time i was also
working a full-time job that's true
that's true not
all of last year not all of last year
when i tried to take a break
last year that did not work out well you
went you got a little bit neurotic so
yeah i've been working too much since
the beginning of the year um january
since january hit the ground running i
think i've had
like i thought you were going to have a
heart attack when i came and said nick
we're going to do three videos a month
now
i almost cried um but i do the majority
of the writing on two of them so yeah
because um
i think for there was a few videos going
on that was back in like the january or
the february march area and it was like
okay after this video you get to have
your two-week break and it was like the
video oh they demonetized it instantly
we need another video stat
but now this is a constant marathon of
writing this is a good way of ending the
podcast now
because of amazing people like you
listening because of viewers like you we
don't have to have a panic attack when
youtube demonetizes a video yeah now
it's kind of just funny
now i'm just like
now like when i uploaded the the the the
last video video game
the nintendo video
um i was like i don't think there's
anything in here that could do monetize
us but maybe
but
i'm not gonna stress out about it
because i don't need to stress out about
it um it was the video it was one of the
shorter videos that was like hey this
video doesn't do didn't do well lol um
oh the star wars one yeah yeah there's
like a video about hope yeah
it's gotten i think it has less views
than my preview video and it's like wow
people really hate star wars ain't that
a thing i was like oh that hurts that
mask hurt my face so much
but
cause you wore your glasses underneath i
couldn't read the tell them right this
is funny
but yeah thanks to people like you
listening you amazing people
i don't have to stress out about those
things and i can
lose weight hopefully fingers crossed
and i can take a break and nick gets to
take a vacation
and i'm going to go to ontario i've seen
my mom for the first time since the
pandemic yeah i'm so excited well nick
has gone to ontario for at least two
weeks that's when i'm going to be going
on a liquid diet so
expect me to be streaming every day
because i will need to keep myself busy
at night because that's when i eat
yeah that's when i grange
and you know when i come back you might
not be streaming all the time but i will
be here to smack food out of your hand
solid food out of your hand yeah only
i'll be pureeing kfc
um
chicken and gravy
oh my stomach felt that oh that is not a
good feeling oh god no that sounds
disgusting
there was once upon a time there was a
this is the last story there was a
restaurant called jay's chicken where i
grew up
and they had the most delicious
like
salty gravy
and when i oh don't tell me you drank it
on grade 6.
listen listen listen
when i graded from the sixth grade
um i decided that i was going to make
chicken soup with kfc's popcorn chicken
and jay's gravy
and it was delicious
is this the applaud button
[Applause]
ladies and gentlemen james summerton in
the kitchen
james everton's culinary prowess
here at the games
[Applause]
yeah that was my that's that that and um
two there's a reason i'm fat because
stuff like that oh god um
12 hot dogs 12 packages of 12 hot dogs
boiled at once at once with some with
some mustard and two boxes of mac and
cheese made in the microwave i mean the
must at once at once i mean the master
didn't have any calories no
so there's a reason that i never managed
to lose weight when i was a teenager um
and i thought eating a bowl of popcorn
every day after school was a bad carb
habit
but yeah uh if
if there's anyone else honestly if
there's anyone else listening who is
kind of on a weight loss journey
um chime in yeah chime in comment
message me on twitter maybe we can
create a group in the do this together
it's better it's much easier to lose
weight yeah like maybe we can create a
group in the discord
um
to kind of support each other so
thank you guys so much for listening my
name is james i'm nick
most of the time most of the time and uh
sometimes i do that non-binary thing
where i you know my my name is just fun
as like a weird
identity thing that sounds like a
playboy model
fawn i can play girl model no playboy
model like a girl
fawn is a masculine term though fonette
fonnette
that that is the european term fonex
sounds like an
an instrument
i guess so yeah it does faunat was a
romantic used it was developed in the
european romance era to kind of or
renaissance to kind of be a female
counterpart to a fawn oh
the more you know
all right so i'm james i'm nick thank
you for listening and we'll be back next
week with something
a little lighter maybe yeah this one was
kind of heavy yeah
oh that was a
bad oh it's the wrong one
there we go
all right i mean like it kind of worked
either way
have a great week everyone
[Music]
you